[Browser Rendering] Add new page for browser close reasons (#16035)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/browser-rendering/platform/browser-close-reasons.md

---
pcx_content_type: configuration
title: Browser close reasons
weight: 30
---

# Browser close reasons

> When using the Browser Rendering API, browser sessions may close for a variety of reasons. When Cloudflare begins charging for this API, we will not charge when errors occur on our end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A browser session may close for a variety of reasons, occasionally due to connection errors or errors in the headless browser instance. As a best practice, wrap `puppeteer.connect` or `puppeteer.launch` in a [`try/catch`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/try...catch) statement. 

The reason that a browser closed can be found on the Browser Rendering Dashboard in the [logs tab](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/workers/browser-renderingl/logs). When Cloudflare begins charging for the Browser Rendering API, we will not charge when errors are due to underlying Browser Rendering infrastructure. 
```
